Testing models messages (#146)
iov-one/docs: docs/weave/tutorial/04-models.md

    return errors.WithLog(msg, errInvalidAuthorCount, CodeInvalidAuthor)
```

## Testing Model Validation

> Most of the testing logic in Weave is repetetive and similar. What you do is defining successful and failure cases for the validation with different field values. Here is a straight forward example that will make you understand quickly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the testing logic in Weave is repetitive and similar. What you do is define successful and failure cases for the validation with different field values. Here is a straightforward example that will help you understand quickly:
```
